alright guys and gals I'm gonna be
reviewing my Jael 250p I got it
today is Sunday I got it win his face up
and right now and this is what the bike
looks like I took that the handlebar
thing off right there yeah it was
scratched up real bad from the shipment
like mirrors don't yeah I like the fact
that this is black this window
all right speedometer and some things to
look out for but you know I didn't do
anything about it because I don't want
to pay $300 to ship it back for you know
you'll be losing money for some stuff
but anyway um oh well first the
kickstand I know you've been wondering
you probably look in if you'd line it
from a website obviously probably are
you see those pictures of the kicks and
with the rock people do that because I
was thinking about doing it too I'm just
kind of set up to get it frickin train I
might have to start this okay I'll be
back when the train goes by unless you
want to see video
okay and the trains gone by but bu has
probably been a second anyway so the
kickstand the kickstand the bike has a
heart lean see it's on the kickstand by
itself without a rock or anything has a
heart like it leans really steep so I
guess people put the rock on it or make
it stand up straighter okay now back to
what was I saying about the shipping
stuff and the reasons not to ship it
back probably because they will probably
make you pay for the shipping back which
could be like $300 here my bike came
there's got some paint missing some
paint chips the right Farren was messed
up but actually you know I haven't
noticed it since it came off the package
you know you know stuff like this is
it's a 250 if it's starting off you
might drop your bike so it's gonna get
messed up anyway and this stuff was
barely noticeable so I wasn't the man
spending $300 oh and the handlebar thing
I'll take that off because it was
scratched up real bad from chipping
because they wrap a wire around it I
guess to keep the bike steady now
it's a pretty decent bike I've gotten it
up to about 45 so far but you know I
don't have anywhere to even try to test
them expeed dual disc brakes oil I had I
put more oil in it because I thought the
oil was empty wrong they had I guess I
don't know if they put braking oil or
either way it was too much oil in there
oil pressure went out the roof and over
here yeah
I'm pulling the clutch and you say that
thing that moves when I pulled the
clutch or y'all was shooting out that
like it was just my god let me out of
here so after looking on the internet I
realized that my oil pressure was high
and that there was already oil in the
bike and I put another court in there
I changed oil because I had to otherwise
it would have just kept shooting oil out
and the oil thing is the oil screw or
whatever is under the bike it's kind of
at an angle so I changed the oil
I'll put 10 W 40 in there four-stroke
non-synthetic I don't really know if I
should have put it synthetic or not but
either way I put non-synthetic just
regular oil for a motorcycle things
that's good about this bike if you're a
beginner it's not a lot of maintenance
it doesn't have a filter clutch fluid
liquid coolant because it's forced air
cooled which means it cools down by you
riding and you know those are things you
don't have to worry about what else
mirrors find the mirrors not to be
helpful to tell the truth I'm kind of
like my body is coming in the way but
that could just be me I don't have a
license plate yet I got insurance but
I'm waiting on the title to come to Mel
so I'm kind of driving around trying to
dodge cops as best as I can which it's
been going great so far obviously okay
okay now things to know when you first
get the bike you first get the bike the
handlebars will be folded obviously
these big metal things are not what you
need to loosen if want because one of my
handlebars was loose where I could just
move it and spread it out into position
and then screwing this little screw
right here and then I tighten weight now
I'm completely lost all right you got
tighten this thing well you don't have
to if you put this in you don't have to
you tighten that or loosen it and it
make your handlebar go free
so it's not this don't worry about that
this would be missing it's just that I
don't even know what it is but just
screw it in gas tank the gas tank is a
two and a half gallons or something like
that hit it down hard to make sure that
it stays closed because I didn't hit it
down hard and it kind of just open while
I was in the middle of writing so you
gotta hit it down hard
check the air pressure if you can I
didn't because my other resources too
but you know they're fine and that's
about all I can tell you I have a video
of it riding and me on it too and I put
the camera in my helmet and showed how
it sounds when it shifts and stuff but I
think I need to make a new one because
it was a little off so I won't be
getting that now I think that's all I
have to say okay thank you guys